# Privacy Policy for Kingdom of Origins

*Last updated on: March 31, 2023*

This privacy policy applies to the Discord bot Kingdom of Origins#4872 ("Service") , with the unique id 797307180024987662. 

## What data is stored?
To ensure proper functioning of the Service, we collect and store the following data:
- Your user ID (auto generated by Discord on account creation)
- The server ID the service is used in (auto generated by Discord on server creation)
- Information related to the Service such as in-game money, resources, bonuses, etc.

This information is only stored once the user starts using the Service with a specific command, and not before.

## Why and how is this data stored?
All data stored is only ever used for the Service to function properly and to allow the user to use it. 
This data is safely stored on our servers.

## Who has access to the data?
The access to this data is only directly available to the Team behind the Service.

The limited data collected may still be displayed publicly in certain situations, including but not limited to:
- Through Discord itself
- Leaderboards
- Commands that display profiles 
- etc.

We will never sell any data, including usage statistics, progress, or personal information, to any third party.

## Removal of your data
Unless collected to prevent cheating/exploits, we will remove any collected data upon request. To request data removal, please contact us through one of the methods provided in the [Contact us](#contact) section.

## Contact 
For any questions or concerns about the Service or other, feel free to contact us by the following means:
- Through the support server directly by opening a ticket (link can be found on the Service discovery page on Discord or at https://discord.gg/dQH5emcdZF)
- Via email at "kingdomorigins.botdev@gmail.com"
